What do you call am italian with a rubber toe? Roberto
A boy was walking down the street when he was stopped by a man holding a sofa.The man said to the boy "Here you go you can have this sofa for nothing I don't need it anymore" the boy thanked him and took the sofa home to his dad.When he arrived home his dad went mad, the boy said to him "Dad I thought you would be pleased" his dad replied "No son what have I told you about taking suites off strangers"!!!!!
A Buddhist walks up to a hot dog vendor and says "Make me one with everything."
Why didn't the teddy bear finish its dinner? it was stuffed.
How long did Cain hate his brother? As long as he was able...
Why is a tractor magic? Because it can go down a road and turn into a field!
An 8 year old girl went to her dad, who was working in the yard. She asked him, "Daddy, what is sex?" The father was surprised that she would ask such a question, but decides that if she is old enough to ask the question, then she is old enough to get a straight answer. He proceeded to tell her all about the 'birds and the bees'. When he finished explaining, the little girl was looking at him with her mouth hanging open. The father asked her, "Why did you ask this question?", The little girl replied, "Mom told me to tell you that dinner would be ready in just a couple of secs."
How do you catch a polar bear? You cut a hole in the ice and you put peas all round the edge and when the polar bear comes along and stops for a pea, you kick it in the ice hole.
What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor? "Make me one with everything."
A depressed horse walks into a bar. The barman asks him, "Why the long face?"
What do you call a donkey with 3 legs? A Wonky
Why was the student's report card wet? It was below C level!
Why do bananas wear sun cream? To stop them from peeling.
When does Friday come before Thursday? In the dictionary.
When is a door not a door? When it's a-jar.
What does a nut say when it sneezes? Cashew.
Did you hear about the sensitive burglar. He takes things personally.
Why did the tree go to the dentist? It needed a root canal.
Why did the banana go to the hospital? He was peeling really bad.
Why did the pig get hired by the restaurant? He was really good at bacon.
Why was the sand wet? Because the sea weed.
What happens if a frog parks illegally? They get toad.
Hate your haircut? Don’t worry, it’ll grow on you.
What do you call a group of disorganized cats? A cat-tastrophe.
What does a nut say when it sneezes? Cashew.
How do you impress a female baker? Bring her flours.